hey what's up everyone is dr. we're here
and we're finally here Xbox one and um I
just downloaded onto my hard drive this
is a big file six gigs whoo but anyways
here it is man starting it off this is
the intro to where we're about to do
they're gonna do a little introduction
and then later on of course we'll do an
intro race to where I'll get to race the
that new conflict was it called um
getting a brain for cuz I'm getting too
exciting here that me cool make McLaren
or whatever that car is I'm sorry guys I
apologize I just can't think I'm just
too excited anyways let's go and check
this out I'm doing is come on load up
man
pretty nice background dude so far the
game has been really awesome dude as you
can see in the rage I didn't perform -
well it's because I feel that the
controls in this game it's totally
different from Forza 4 is so it took
some time you could use a buddy so what
I'm gonna let you guys watch this video
real Corvairs angel video I'll start on
the
but you you understand cars are far more
than this they are our history they mark
the moments by which we define decades
cars are some of the most intoxicating
most beautiful things ever forged by
mankind
they represent the glory of technology
the essence of freedom and have been the
weapons in some of our most gripping
sporting battles they grip as each year
is on they hold us up as heroes so this
is about the love of all things for
wheeled and fast
this is a shrines of power to speed to
metal main beautiful
this is where dreams are driven welcome
to Fort Sir
now is your chance to explore the
McLaren p1 up close
open the door okay as you guys can see
here introductions done I'm about to
step in my car pretty sweet dude the
Auto Vista but to get this race on so
you know what I'm gonna shut up right
now I know you guys don't care about one
month say you guys don't care about what
audience won't see the gameplay of the
race here it is man
the very first rate of Forza coming
right stay tuned for some more videos
great guys subscribe like share I'll
catch you guys later right peace out
that race was only a taste of the
journey ahead of you as we continue you
will traverse an epic automotive world
full of fast cars old rivalries and new
technology